Remove package sync paragraph in package-management doc (#2879)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Remove package sync paragraph in package-management doc since
>   it's not available for salt clients and traditional is no
>   longer supported (bsc#1221279)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove package sync paragraph in package-management doc since
  it is not available for Salt clients and traditional clients are no
  longer supported (bsc#1221279)
```
